1) Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2
	The main difference between HTTP1.1 and HTTP2 are as below
	-> It is binary, instead of textual protocal
	-> It is fully multiplexed comapred to Ordered and Blocking
	-> Server pushing is allowed in HTTP 2 which makes page loading faster and add responses 
	->to the browser caches
	-> HTTP2 is atleast 14% faster than the HTTP1.1 requests.

2) http version history

HTTP stands for Hyper Text Transfer Protocol, It is a protocol created by 
Tim Berners - Lee, to help commnication between servers and clients, this protocol forms 
the root of world wide web or the internet as we call it.

->Versions of Http:
  HTTP 0.9: It was the first version released by the Tim Berners-Lee, with just Simple GET
  request to a specific address, which returned a simple HTML response.


->HTTP 1.0: With the development in HTML specifications and Web Browser's capability to handle 
 different file types like Plain Text, images, XML HTML, this version was recogonized in
 1996.

->HTTP 1.1: This version was recognized in 1997, and it was the internet standard for a long time
  till HTTP2.0 came up. This version included various performance improvements like caching 
  mechanisms, request pipelining, transfer encodings, byte range requests, keepalive connections.

->HTTP 2.0:Released in 2015 by IETF, has many enhancement over HTTP1.1, main difference between 
  HTTP1.1 and HTTP 2 are answered in the first question

->HTTP3.0: Released in 2019, it si Quick UDP Internet Connection protocol, as it is implemented on 
  UDP, connection establishment times are much faster, improved forward error correction


3.List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) vs Nodejs
	1] -> Javascript can run on any JS engine like Spider Monkey, Chakra, V8
	   -> NodeJS can run only on the V8 engine
	2] -> Javascript running on the browser used mainly to make page dynamic on the client side
		  without giving access to the underying OS on which the browser runs.
	   -> NodeJS has and can access the resources on the operating system to perform any
           non-blocking operations.	  
    3] -> Browser JS is a programming language whereas NodeJS is an interpreter/runtime environment
          for running JS
    4] -> Browser JS is used for rendering pages on the client side, where as NodeJS can be used for 
         hosting servers and responding to the client/browsers requests	
	5] -> JS can access the DOM and modify it, whereas NodeJS can not access the DOM or HTML tags
	
 

4) what happens when you type a URL in the address bar in the browser?

	i) Enter a URL into a web browser
	ii) The browser looks up the IP address for the domain name via DNS
	     (Usually Website address are stored in browser cache or System DNS cache)
	iii) The browser sends a HTTP request to the server
	     (This can be HTTP or HTTPS based on the request URL) 
	iv) The server sends back a HTTP response
		 (If the request is valid and client is authorized) 
	v) The browser renders the HTML and parses document of further resourses	      
	vi) The browser sends requests for additional objects embedded in HTML (images, css, JavaScript) and repeats steps 3-5.
	    With HTTP2 server pushing, HTML and CSS can be loaded in the first request itself making the page rendering faster.

	vii) Once the page is loaded, the browser sends further async requests as needed.
